INSTRUCTIONS.md, before:

#Instructions to Run

CoffeeScript

- Load http://coffeescript.org/

- Paste in code and type in at bottom `main("word or phrase of your choice")`

- Open Chrome or Firefox dev console, click run on website, watch console

D
- Run: `rdmd palindrome.d INPUT_STRING`

Dart

- Run: `dart palindrome.dart`

Elixir

- Open REPL: `iex`

- Paste in Elixir code/module

- Run `main("word or phrase of your choice")`

Erlang

- Open REPL: `erl`

- Compile: `c(palindrome).`

- Run: `palindrome::display("INPUT_STRING").`

Factor

- lol I have no idea

JavaScript

- Open Chrome or Firefox dev console, paste in code

- Type into console `main("word or phrase of your choice")`

Kotlin

- Compile: `kotlin-jvm palindrome.kt -include-runtime -d palindrome.jar`

- Run: `java -jar palindrome.jar INPUT_STRING`

Ruby

- Open REPL: `irb`

- Import module by pasting in code

- Run `Palindrome.main("word or phrase of your choice")`

Rust

- Compile: `rustc palindrome.rs`

-Run: `./palindrome INPUT_STRING`

Scala

- Run: `scala [-nocompdaemon] palindrome.scala INPUT_STRING`

Commit message:

Finished Python, Rob's grad party

INSTRUCTIONS.md, after:

#Instructions to Run

CoffeeScript

- Load http://coffeescript.org/

- Paste in code and type in at bottom `main("word or phrase of your choice")`

- Open Chrome or Firefox dev console, click run on website, watch console

D
- Run: `rdmd palindrome.d INPUT_STRING`

Dart

- Run: `dart palindrome.dart`

Elixir

- Open REPL: `iex`

- Paste in Elixir code/module

- Run `main("word or phrase of your choice")`

Erlang

- Open REPL: `erl`

- Compile: `c(palindrome).`

- Run: `palindrome::display("INPUT_STRING").`

Factor

- lol I have no idea

JavaScript

- Open Chrome or Firefox dev console, paste in code

- Type into console `main("word or phrase of your choice")`

Kotlin

- Compile: `kotlin-jvm palindrome.kt -include-runtime -d palindrome.jar`

- Run: `java -jar palindrome.jar INPUT_STRING`

Python

- Open REPL: `python3`

- Import code by copy and pasting

- Run `main("word or phrase of your choice")`

Ruby

- Open REPL: `irb`

- Import module by pasting in code

- Run `Palindrome.main("word or phrase of your choice")`

Rust

- Compile: `rustc palindrome.rs`

-Run: `./palindrome INPUT_STRING`

Scala

- Run: `scala [-nocompdaemon] palindrome.scala INPUT_STRING`
